c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Organic_Launch.dll.config
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Organic_Launch.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Organic_Launch.pdb
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\obj\Debug\Organic_Launch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\obj\Debug\Organic_Launch.dll
c:\users\a00925502\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\obj\Debug\Organic_Launch.pdb
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\obj\Debug\Organic_Launch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\obj\Debug\Organic_Launch.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\obj\Debug\Organic_Launch.pdb
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Organic_Launch.dll.config
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Organic_Launch.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Organic_Launch.pdb
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Owin.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\MyCourses\Work\Project\Phase 1\Feb 4\project-phase1-refactor\Organic_Launch\Organic_Launch\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
